Include GitLab in Writing Day, 2021 NA conf (#1490)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2021/writing-day.rst

Organizing local Write the Docs meetup communities is a rewarding way to participate. During Writing Day, we'll have a table where we can share tips and best practices, especially in this time where all of our meetups are virtual.

GitLab - Learn how to contribute to open-source docs
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> `GitLab <https://about.gitlab.com>`_ is an open core single application for

Reviewer: I wasn't familiar with "open core" as a term and had to look it up. You might link out to a definition just in case.

Author: I'm going to "keep it simple" and remove "open core"

```suggestion
`GitLab <https://about.gitlab.com>`_ is a single application for
```

the entire software development lifecycle. From project planning and source code
management to CI/CD, monitoring, and security.

Our `documentation <https://docs.gitlab.com>`_ is open source and everybody can
contribute to it. All the content is hosted on GitLab.com, so you will need a
`GitLab.com account <https://gitlab.com/users/sign_up>`_.

For more information, see our `GitLab issue <https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/technical-writing/-/issues/426>`_.

Once you find the issue you want to work on, add a comment mentioning `@gl-docsteam` to inform us that you’re working on

>    this for Writing Day (and tell us in person!).

Reviewer 2: The sphinx error is from this sudden indent, this makes it a [definition list](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#lists-and-quote-like-blocks) for sphinx - which needs a blank line after. I think the definition list syntax is unintentional though. I don't know what the line after is supposed to look like, so I'm leaving to you to edit it.

Author: Thank you @mxsasha . Hopefully the tests will pass after I remove the rogue indent.
